# My hackathon journey with AngelHack
## About my self
My name is Tom, I'm a software engineer living in Shenzhen. I started my own company at 2013, doing software development for customers, mainly in IoT industry.
## My first hackathon
I go to tech meetups all the time, most of them are same, just sit there and listen to the talk, maybe ask some questions afterwards. At a weekend in summer of 2016, the air conditioner at my home was not working, so I looked up on the internet for somewhere to go, and found a hackathon, which was a two-day event and covered dining, perfect for me to spend the weekend, so I went. It was hosted by AngelHack and SegmentFault(a developer community in China), and turned out to be the start of a wonderful journey for me. I found that unlike other events, I can get my hands dirty and really do something at a hackathon.
So later at that year, I went to two other hackathons, hosted by AWS and Canonical(the company behind Ubuntu Linux), at which I created projects about IoT. The ideas were from my daily work, which I came up with but got no time to do, and hackathons were just the right opportunity to make a demo and show it to experts and my fellow coders, and at both time I got great feedbacks and made new friends.
## AngelHack again
At July 2017, I heard about that year's AngelHack hackathon in a WeChat group and signed up right away, but with no ideas of what to do this time. At the team maching process, I found it was very inefficient for us to introduce oursleves and project ideas in group chat, or one by one using a white board, so I came up with the idea of doing a team matching app for hackathon, and I did it. At the end of the second day, after demo, I thought that in compare to other teams, I didn't use AI or AR or any other advanced technology, and my idea was not fancy enough. So later when I heard that I won, in addition to suprise, I firmed my thought that technology is for solving problems, as long as I solve real problems, improve efficiency or bring better experience, someone will appreciate.
## The HACKcelerator
The prize of wining AngelHack hackathon was special, not money, not some cool gadgets, but an opportunity to join HACKcelerator, a 12-week pre-accelerator program, with other champion teams all over the world. The program taught me everything I need to know to make a real product and startup, which was just ideal for me, because other than doing out sourcing work for customers, I always wanted to create something of my self. With the help and encouragements of AngelHack, the MVP of my team matching app finally went online at September 18th. I got great feedbacks and more encouragments from my early users. Later at the end of October, my team was chosen to the final list of AngelHack global demo day.
## Silicon Valley
Going to silicon valley was a dream coming true. But I made a stupid mistake this time - I waited until the my team was chosen to apply for visa to the US, and my visa application was checked. Then when the time for Silicon Valley week came, I had to let my co-Founder Jordan to get on the plane by himself. But it seemed that God still love me and let miracle happened, my visa was finally issued that monday, it taked several days for the consulate to deliver the passport back, so at 10AM Thursday morning, I headed to the airpot right away after I got my passport, and board on the plane to San Francisco at 13:30. Because the time difference, I arrived before took off, it was still morning of Thursday at PDT time, and I made it to the last rehearsal before the big night. It was interesting that everyone of AngelHack and other fellow teams know me, I just became famous for coming late.
Because I missed the first three days of picth training, and not very prepared for the Q&A session, we didn't do well on stage. I was depressed for about one day, and then the city of San Francisco brought me back, I decided to enjoy my first oversea travel, and went to pier 39, Golden Gate bridge, Sausalito, UC Berkely, and Googleplex with Jordan, we even had a launch at Apple headquarter.
## The future
Thanks to AngelHack, and all the nice guys who helped me. It was sure a wonderful experience, and just the beginning of my startup journey. As AngelHack is planning new hackathons this year, I believe they will do better and better and bring more young Chinese entrepreneurs to the world stage. I'm proud to be one of AngelHack alumnis and will try my best to grow with the community.